Muhammadali (#52)
Omni-Libraries/omni-authify: docs/Setup/google.md

# 🌐 Google OAuth2 🔑 Guide

The `Google` provider lets you sign in 🔓 users using their Google accounts through OAuth2.

---

## 🔧 Google App Setup Guide

> To use Google OAuth2 in your Django REST Framework app, you need to set up a Google App. Here's a step-by-step guide to obtain the necessary credentials (`client_id`, `client_secret`, `redirect_uri`) and configure your app.

Reviewer: google.md file faqat google ga tegishli bo'lgan cridentiallarni olish va google Oauth2 app ni qanaqa qilib setup qilish haqida bo'lish kerak. 

```suggestion
To use GitHub OAuth2 in your app, you need to set up a GitHub OAuth2 App. Here's a step-by-step guide to obtain the necessary credentials (`client_id`, `client_secret`, `redirect_uri`) and configure your app.
```

GitHub docs ga qarab ko'rsez bo'ladi: https://omni-libraries.mukhsin.space/setup/github

Change the rest of the docs according to this review comment please.
